KSLi12  Architectural specificationsThe loudspeaker system shall consist of two forward 10" LF neodymium drivers in a vented enclosure radiating to the front, two sideward 8" LF neodymium drivers, one hornloaded 8" midrange driver and two coaxially mounted 1.4" exit compression drivers with 3” voicecoils coupled to a waveshaping device.The loudspeaker system shall be 3-way, actively driven between the forward LF drivers and the sideward LF driver with mid/high sections. Passive crossovers shall be used between the sideward LF driver and the mid/high sections.The total equivalent front facing LF driver size shall be 2x 12.2".The loudspeaker shall only be operated by a dedicated, compatible controller amplifier.The loudspeaker shall produce a cylindrical wave segment suitable for use as an element in a line array and maintain an extremely accurate horizontal dispersion pattern of 120° down to 150 Hz merging into a cardioid dispersion down to the lowest frequency.The enclosure shall be constructed from marine plywood with an impact resistant and weather protecting PCP (Polyurea Cabinet Protection) finish. The cabinet front and side shall be protected by a perforated steel grill backed with acoustically transparent and water repellent fabric.Each side panel shall incorporate a slot while on the rear two slots shall be provided to accept dedicated lifting pins (T-handles) acting as a temporary lifting aid during setup.The cabinet shall incorporate a three point rigging system for the assembly of vertical line source arrays of up to 10 cabinets in connection with a dedicated mounting frame.The power handling of the forward LF section shall be 450/1800 W while the power handling of the sideward LF drivers and MF/HF section shall be 250/1000 W (RMS/peak 10 ms).The frequency response (–5 dB) measured on axis shall extend from 54 Hz - 18 kHz.Maximum sound pressure level (SPLmax peak/1 m/free field) of single cabinet shall be at least 144 dB while maximum sound pressure level (SPLmax far field, scaled to1 m) of 4 modules shall be at least 156 dB.The horizontal dispersion shall be 120°, while the vertical splay angle shall be adjustable in a range of 0° - 10° in 1° increments.The connection panel on the back shall be recessed and fitted with speakON NLT4 F/M sockets. A 4-pin Phoenix Euroblock connector option shall be available upon request.The dimensions (W x H x D) shall not exceed 1000 x 330 x 572 mm (39.4" x 13" x 22.5") and shall weigh no more than 57 kg (126 lb).The loudspeaker shall be the KSLi12 by: d&b audiotechnik GmbH & Co. KG.